
New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

Hi this is a test


-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald


New World is a MMO sandbox game in a Amazon Lumberyard-engine created  
world within the Microsoft Windows Personal computer platform. Prior  
to entering the game, a player chooses a default geographical Earth  
location "Region" to achieve their best game latency connectivity and  
a game server "World" to begin the game playing solo. The choice of an  
agreed upon common server is important to allow grouping-up with real  
world friends. Next, a player creates a character's appearance and  
names their character. The game allows a player to control a character  
or avatar within a game world in third- or first-person view. The  
player's New World character starts the game by arriving on a beach as  
a "level one" in experience gained. The character's maximum obtainable  
experience level is 60.

-- 
Kindly,
Ronald

